Rs/intro (#121)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/get-started/install.mdx

---
title: "Installation"
metaTitle: "Install Neural Magic Platform"
metaDescription: "Installation instructions for the Neural Magic Platform including DeepSparse, SparseML, SparseZoo"
index: 0
---

# Installation

> The Neural Magic Platform contains 4 libraries (DeepSparse Community, DeepSparse Enterprise, SparseML, and SparseZoo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Neural Magic Platform contains several products: DeepSparse (available in two editions, Community and Enterprise), SparseML, and SparseZoo.
```

## Package Installations

<LinkCards>
  <LinkCard href="./deepsparse" heading="DeepSparse Community">

>     Install DeepSparse Community for performant inference on CPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Install DeepSparse Community for performant inference on CPUs in dev or testing environments.
```

Reviewer: parallelism to the other card
